.TH asciiflowqt 1 "26 Jun 2019" "version 0.3"
.SH NAME
asciiflowqt \- Draw and edit any ascii art chart

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B asciiflowqt

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBasciiflowqt\fR let you draw ascii art diagrams.

\fBasciiflowqt\fR compiles and runs on linux and windows as it used lain c++11 and Qt.

.SH Features
.nf
- export and import ascii to/from the clipboard
- export and import ascii to/from a file
- move parts of the ascii art
- draw rectangles
- resize rectangles
- draw class diagramms
- draw arrows
- draw lines
- draw freehand
- add text to any position
- undo and redo any change
- practicly unlimited space. The drawing area grows when you move out of it.
.fi

.SH Settings location
\fBasciiflowqt\fR uses QSettings to store the preferences.

See: https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qsettings.html

It get used as
.nf
static QSettings settings("schorsch-tech.de", "AsciiFlowQT");
.fi

On windows, the settings are stored in the registry.
.nf
[HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\schorsch-tech.de\AsciiFlowQT]
.fi

On linux, the settings are stored in this file
.nf
/home/${USERNAME}/.config/schorsch-tech.de/AsciiFlowQT.conf
.fi

.SH LICENSE
GPL-3

.SH Suggestions, bugs and improvements
If you have any suggestions or improvements, they are welcome! Please let me now about
them as an issue on github.

.SH AUTHOR
Georg Gast <georg@schorsch-tech.de>

.SH THANKS
A lot thanks go to eggy on debianforum.de for testing, guides and hints on debian packaging.

I also want to thank to \fBAsciiFlow Infinity\fR as it opted to ask to log into google.
This pushed me to write this offline tool.

Big THANKS go to Qt for this wonderful library.

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs and improvements at

.B
https://github.com/schorsch1976/AsciiFlowQT/issues
